[Music]
it's the
the baseline player and the net Russia
the Swede who had only 24 could make
history by winning his fifth Wimbledon
can McEnroe pulled-pork from his throne
Arthur the only thing standing between
borg and that record is you you and borg
are as different as two people could
possibly be
you see backstage or something is he
like jump out of the cake McEnroe is the
bigger talent ladyboys I've been hit by
a sledgehammer how does it feel knowing
you will make history if you win your
fifth we would have I'm just like
everybody else do you have to say about
your behaviour talk about tennis does
anybody have any tennis or you expect
anyone to root for you in the final
against bull look I I get the dirt
investor here oh you know your gentleman
board and you need a villa you don't
understand what it takes to play tennis
let me blitz okay more a lot go out
there like give everything for this game
everything everything in me gets left
out on that Court and now do you
understand it because now do you do it
well I know what bjørn's doing right now
he's in bed his room is cold because he
wants his pulse below 50 beats a minute
every year he trains on the same core he
rents the same car he sleeps in same
what is that he wouldn't have Herbie
remembers upon the greats you know why
nobody likes you the only thing people
are gonna say is you cannot be serious
I wasn't that crazy guy I always yelled
at the umpire
time we've all been watching those of
services never before seen anything
quite like this
[Applause]
can either man take anymore punishment
[Music]